good fellow foreros I'm going to
try to explain how the
click you created to leave the phone
bambuco which we have here
and leave it
the perfect Castilian- with google
play installed and with all the bullshit
Chinese removed from the middle on the other hand
also the script contains a series of
improvements which a few
introduced myself and a few others
introduced the companion healy the
football you can download the link I've
modified a bit since our
partner prefers to use the lounge polo
it would be me however I like him badly
appeals a good chat the mobile finished
make him full pleasure the bamboo
phrase of the lake
total that is the Chinese without anything of
Castilian totally as it is
usually buy in china
Well now what we are going to do is
turn it on and connect connecting the
usb
OK
and it's worth I just want to say before that I already
I have installed the drivers and
obviously I do not need
I update the latest version because
the bamboo flasher that I used then
it was the last one that he has taken out so
currently brings the latest version
I just need to execute the script
he has already loaded and now we go to the pc and
run love we enjoy the script
first use is worth as it comes first
which is newly purchased the first one there
what to do next
begins
to see without any problem seems to be
are happening
the first thing removed the application
corner and now it's starting to happen
the applications to the phone has first
been him
first has been the gmail play store
google backup google calendar google
contacts google or bing
but it's worth it if you notice, he's giving me the
error of this device is busy
in this case you can cancel with
control c
disconnects from mobile the use of mobile and
reconnect
we come back logical try
evidently in failure the first
Applications
and continue where the error
it's worth the third
and now if you want then for example
You see he was moving, he's been a little crazy
do not worry, unlock and
Even if this error comes out if you want before
to restart as last you can go back to
try out
equal to if you notice you are already giving us
the device error
busy is installing all the
Applications
the error is usually given because there
some application
that at that moment is being used
then impossible about writing it or
eliminate it
good little remains
OK
the phone just restarted me
if you notice the movice just risk
we can remove the cable if we want
and you get a message of optimization
of
you see and focus seems optimization of
applications starting applications and
ending home
is already in Spanish
with some application installed as standard
of Google
and with the play store installed
well I hope this has served in
less than five minutes you have everything
ready